Matrix Program, String Reverse, Duplicate Characters in different ways  

Interview Questions

R.1:
Find loop and remove it, in a linklist
Implement queue using stack
Sort a stack with constant space
Spiral order traversal of a N-ary tree

R2:
Quick sort discussion in detail
Deletion in BST
Find max subsum integer array
Find non repeating character from stream of characters
Implement Strategy Pattern

R3: Managerial Round
Implement thread safe Stack using Linklist
Implement Synchronization among N threads
Java Memory model
Garbage collection algo/ Types of garbage collectors
How to deep clone a very large object ?
How JVM works ?
Detail discussion on threads - How to stop thread,Thread interrupts , Greedy threads , Thread problems , CAS algo
Concurrent Modification Exception - Fail safe / Failfast

R4: Director round
1.How would you design phone dictionary ? Which data structure you will use and why?Optimization of the approach further. (Used Trie structure then optimized with Suffix trees)
2. Edit distance Algorithm
Managerial Question

R5: VP round
1 puzzle
How we should decide - when we are going to create a class/ method / Constructor overloading.
Discussed about my educational background, what subjects i have studied.
How i can relate my subjects with Software engineering.
Why S/W AG?

Round 1 :

1 : write the custom Hash Map
2: ask deep on OOP and Collection
3: ask me to write some code on given scenario
4: how to find loop in Link List
he discuss some scenario on it

Round 2:

1 ask me some topic form OOP like abstract and interface etc.
2 ask me write a code to reverse the Link List
3 ask me to write a code to find missing value in List use at list two logic
4 write a code to generate fabonic series use two logic
  some other discussion on overloading and overriding

Round: 3

1 : breaf discus on project they cover all the senior like code etc.
2: ask me some puzzel to solve
3 he give me a multi 2D array to find out diagonal value
some other discussion on their project  

1) Given some list of songs u need to play it in a random manner without repeating the songs.
2)Given an array of positive integers shuffle the numbers in such ascending order with consecutive even followed by odd placements.
3)Find median in a BST in O(n) and O(1) space complexity
4)Find Median in a stream of integers.
5)Microservice concept  

design book my show app with below criteria
use case
flow diagram
class diagram
load balancing
performance issues
database design
queries
multi threading issues

Implement binary search with minimum errors

Interview Questions

Explain to me what is volatile variable why do we need this ?  
Answer Question
Tell about a lock free algorithm that you know.  
Answer Question
We wrote an interface and asked me to implement the interface which will take a lock and release a lock.  
Answer Question
He asked to implement the concurrent hashmap in java.  
Answer Question
He asked whether I have heard of heap data structure and what is it used for ?  
Answer Question